c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\phatcharin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
E:\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
E:\Program\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\BugLord\Desktop\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\AOYKII\Desktop\Project\Project\TimeScanner\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe.config
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.dll
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\TimeScanner.DSA.pdb
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.g.resources
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.exe
C:\Users\joker\Documents\Git\timescan\TimeScanner.App\obj\Debug\TimeScanner.App.pdb
